DataGrid: Rewrite Column and Row Templates demos (#47)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ColumnTemplate/description.md

> **DataGrid** columns support custom templates to display any content.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that DataGrid **columns** can support anything. Maybe revert to the initial version? 

"The DataGrid supports custom templates for columns. You can use these templates to display any content."

> In this demo, a custom column template is assigned to the [cellTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#cellTemplate) ([cellRender](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxCalendar/Configuration/#cellRender) in React) option of the `Picture` column to display the employee's image.

Reviewer: 1. This sentence is definitely too long and complicated. It's better to divide it in two.

2. The construction "a custom **column** template is assigned to the **cell**Template" seems a bit weird to me. But it might be subjective.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest moving the info about the option out of this sentence because `cellTemplate` is used not only in this demo. Somewhere above should be a sentence like "Use the cellTemplate option to specify a template for column cells."

> In this demo, a custom column template is configured for the `Picture` column to display the corresponding employee's photo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this demo, a custom column template is configured for the `Picture` column to display employee photos.
```
